PHPORM-81 implement `mongodb` driver for batch (#2904)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/queues.txt

       'database' => [
           'driver' => 'mongodb',
           // You can also specify your jobs specific database created on config/database.php
           'connection' => 'mongodb',
           'collection' => 'jobs',
           'queue' => 'default',
           'retry_after' => 60,
       ],
   ],

> 

Reviewer: S: add an introductory sentence before the table, such as:
"The following table describes settings that you can specify to configure the behavior of the queue:"

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 25 75

   * - Setting
     - Description

   * - ``driver``
     - **Required**. Specifies the queue driver to use. Must be ``mongodb``.

   * - ``connection``

>      - Uses the default connection by default. The database connection used to store jobs. It must be a ``mongodb`` connection.

Reviewer 2: I think this would be more clear if the default is specified at the end, so the reader has more context. (also reworded a bit to avoid repeating "default")

```suggestion
     - The database connection used to store jobs. It must be a ``mongodb`` connection. The driver uses the default connection if a connection is not specified.
```

   * - ``collection``

>      - **Required**. Name of the MongoDB collection to store jobs to process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - **Required**. Specifies the name of the MongoDB collection to store jobs to process.
```

Reviewer: Applies to all entries

   * - ``queue``
     - **Required**. Name of the queue.

   * - ``retry_after``

>      - Default ``60``. Specify how many seconds the queue connection should wait before retrying a job that is being processed

Reviewer 2: Change for consistency. Also reorganizing to match my earlier suggestion of showing the default last:
```suggestion
     - Specifies how many seconds the queue connection should wait before retrying a job that is being processed. Defaults to ``60``. 
```

If you want to use MongoDB to handle failed jobs, change the database in
``config/queue.php``:

.. code-block:: php

   'failed' => [
       'driver' => 'mongodb',
       'database' => 'mongodb',
       'collection' => 'failed_jobs',
   ],

> 

Reviewer: S: same as earlier, add an introductory sentence to introduce this table

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 25 75

   * - Setting
     - Description

   * - ``driver``
     - **Required**. Specifies the queue driver to use. Must be ``mongodb``.

   * - ``connection``

>      - Uses the default connection by default. The database connection used to store jobs. It must be a ``mongodb`` connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - The database connection used to store jobs. It must be a ``mongodb`` connection. The driver uses the default connection if a connection is not specified.
```

   * - ``collection``

>      - Default ``failed_jobs``. Name of the MongoDB collection to store failed jobs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Name of the MongoDB collection to store failed jobs. Defaults to ``failed_jobs``. 
```

Add the service provider in ``config/app.php``:

.. code-block:: php

   MongoDB\Laravel\MongoDBQueueServiceProvider::class,

Job Batching
------------

> `Job batching https://laravel.com/docs/{+laravel-docs-version+}/queues#job-batching>`__

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Job batching <https://laravel.com/docs/{+laravel-docs-version+}/queues#job-batching>`__
```

> feature allows you to easily execute a batch of jobs and then perform some action

Reviewer 3: I dunno where the MongoDB style guide is for docs, but I think we generally want to avoid subjective terms like "easily" or "simply". I remember this being relevant for server docs.

Author: I merely copied the [Laravel doc](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/queues#job-batching), but I agree the working doesn't follow best practices. I'll reword.

> is a Laravel feature to execute batch of jobs and subsequent actions before,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is a Laravel feature to execute a batch of jobs and subsequent actions before,
```

> after and during the execution of the jobs from the queue.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
after, and during the execution of the jobs from the queue.
```

Oxford comma.

> With MongoDB, you don't have to create any collection before using this feature.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: Clarify what "this feature" is since we're in a new paragraph
```suggestion
With MongoDB, you don't have to create any collection before using job batching.
```

> The collection ``job_batches`` will be created automatically to store meta

Reviewer 2: Change passive to active voice

```suggestion
The ``job_batches`` collection is created automatically to store meta
```

> information about your job batches, such as their completion percentage

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
information about your job batches, such as their completion percentage.
```

.. code-block:: php

    'batching' => [
       'driver' => 'mongodb',
       'database' => 'mongodb',
       'collection' => 'job_batches',
   ],

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 25 75

   * - Setting
     - Description

   * - ``driver``
     - **Required**. Specifies the queue driver to use. Must be ``mongodb``.

   * - ``connection``

>      - Uses the default connection by default. The database connection used to store jobs. It must be a ``mongodb`` connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - The database connection used to store jobs. It must be a ``mongodb`` connection. The driver uses the default connection if a connection is not specified.
```

   * - ``collection``

>      - Default ``job_batches``. Name of the MongoDB collection to store job batches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Name of the MongoDB collection to store job batches. Defaults to ``job_batches``. 
```

     - **Required**. Specifies the queue driver to use. Must be ``mongodb``.

   * - ``connection``

>      - The database connection used to store jobs. It must be a ``mongodb`` connection. The driver uses the default connection if a connection is not specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Specifies the database connection used to store jobs. It must be a ``mongodb`` connection. The driver uses the default connection if a connection is not specified.
```
